README.md, before:

# homeassistant-dozzle-addon
homeassistant dozzle addon add-on repository

![logo](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b184931c-03d4-4e8a-b716-a9b17055892d)


[Dozzle](https://dozzle.dev/) can run in [agent mode](https://dozzle.dev/guide/agent) which can expose Docker hosts to other Dozzle instances. All communication is done over a secured connection using TLS. This means that you can deploy Dozzle on a remote host and connect to it from your local machine.

[![Open your Home Assistant instance and show the add add-on repository dialog with a specific repository URL pre-filled.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/supervisor_add_addon_repository.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_add_addon_repository/?repository_url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FErreur32t%2Fhomeassistant-dozzle-addon)

## Add-ons

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Acces only via external URL eg. http://homeassistant:8099 .


This repository contains the following add-ons
### [Dozzle Agent add-on](./dozzle-agent)

## Settings
 Disable
 - Protected mod : off


## TODO:
- [x] Ingress directly in HA ;)
- [x] Secure access


![Supports amd64 Architecture][amd64-shield]
  
[amd64-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/amd64-yes-green.svg

Commit message:

refactor: Reorganize project structure and enhance configuration  Features: Add configurable port, log level and auto-update options  Docs: Move CHANGELOG, simplify README, update to v0.1.34  Technical: Improve env vars and error handling

README.md, after:

# Home Assistant Add-on: Dozzle

[![Release][release-shield]][release] ![Project Stage][project-stage-shield] ![Project Maintenance][maintenance-shield]

Real-time Docker logs viewer for Home Assistant. Monitor all your container logs in one place, directly from your Home Assistant interface.

![Dozzle Screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b184931c-03d4-4e8a-b716-a9b17055892d)

## Quick Start

[![Open your Home Assistant instance and show the add add-on repository dialog with a specific repository URL pre-filled.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/supervisor_add_addon_repository.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_add_addon_repository/?repository_url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FErreur32%2Fhomeassistant-dozzle-addon)

1. Click the button above to add the repository to your Home Assistant
2. Install the "Dozzle" add-on
3. Start the add-on
4. Click "OPEN WEB UI" to access Dozzle

## Features

- 🔍 Real-time log streaming
- 🏠 Native Home Assistant integration
- 🔄 Auto-update capability
- 🔒 Secure access
- ⚙️ Configurable options

## Documentation

For detailed setup instructions, configuration options, and more information, please see the [full documentation](./dozzle/DOCS.md).

## Support

Need help? Found a bug? Please [open an issue](https://github.com/Erreur32/homeassistant-dozzle-addon/issues).

## License

MIT License

[release-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/version-v0.1.34-blue.svg
[release]: https://github.com/Erreur32/homeassistant-dozzle-addon/releases
[project-stage-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/project%20stage-stable-green.svg
[maintenance-shield]: https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2024.svg
